# Chair Group Meeting 2020-05-11

### Agenda
 - Retrospective from last meeting 
     - Next Meeting moderator @echeran
 - Review and share tasks related to chair group management  
     - Manage MFWG mail list
     - Agenda for Chair Group Meetings
 - Define Next meeting Agenda en priorities
 - Review Backlog and open issues 
     - Label issues
 
### Actions
- Prepare a brief reminder on how to work with TCQ to shared before every meeting(#56)
- Prepare(@stasm) PR && Review PR for Goals and Non-Goals(Cont.) #59
- Try to find collaborators to take notes(Pablo will join use next meetings)
- Better Offline delegation or try to move things on github
- Brainstom and thing about a better way in how to deal with label + track issues in our repository
- Schedule Chair Group Meetings

### Next Meeting Agenda Resolution: 
- Goals and Non-Goals(Cont.)(#59)
- Why MessageFormat needs a successor(#49)
- Review Terminology (#80)
